User stories:

- Ricky is currently a UNCC senior in CCI and although he is working towards completing a concentration in Software, Systems, and Networks he does not know specifically which type of job/career he would like to pursue when he graduates one year from now. He would like to have tools made available to him that will help him choose the best job for his desired lifestyle. He would also like to know which specific skills will be required for any given job he would like to consider. He does well with organized lists and research so he would like to see comparisons between different career paths with an abundance of available information about each possible selection. He wants a system that gears most of it resources towards helping a user decide which individual job or career they would like to pursue as he believes there are numerous pre-existing job listing services that can be utilized once he is ready to look for openings.

- Cynthia is a returning UNCC graduate who would like to earn her second college degree. She has chosen Computer Science as her major and Software, Systems, and Networks as her concentration. She would like to know which tech fields would be best suited for someone who holds a BS degree in Biology. She is more interested in supplementing her existing degree in order to get a higher paying job that might merge the fields of Biology and Computer Science than she is in starting over with a new career altogether. Because of this she desires tools or research aides that can identify skills and technologies she will need in order to pursue jobs that require someone like her who, once graduated, will have multiple scientific disciplines in their toolkit. 

- Ahsoka is freshman transfer student in CCI who is just beginning her college experience. Because of this she has no idea which career paths will be available to her upon graduation, nor does she have any clue about which areas of tech she would enjoy working in the most. Her interest is in finding a way to utilize modern tech skills to make the world a better place and to help those who cannot help themselves. She wants resources that will help narrow the possibilities by matching her desires and interests with whichever concentration within Computer Science will suit her best. Once she is able to learn more about the different options available to her she would like assistance setting and maintaining relevant goals and achievement levels in order to break her collegiate career into smaller, more manageable chunks that she can conquer one at a time.
